# sbt-trickle 0.2.4

This is the last release before a break in API, so I did as
much as I could without the breaking changes.

* Resolve artifacts transitively, by default

  `trickelIntransitiveResolve` setting can override it to the
	former behaviour, for faster resolutions.

* `trickleLogUpdatableRepositories`

  This is the default implementation for `trickleCreatePullRequests`.
	It is now being exposed as a task so it can be used even
	after overriding that other task.

* `trickleSaveGraph <filename.dot>`

	Save the build graph as a dot file. Still working on the
	build graph format, though it is in a pretty good state. It
	might not work for everyone, though.

* `trickleOpenGraph`

  If you have "graphviz" installed and "open image.png" will
	display and image, then this will do the whole job for you.

* Working dry mode

  Dry mode was used on git, and not consistently, but not on
	PR creation. Now it's working properly.

* Github PR pagination

  Looking up pull requests was not doing pagination, and thus
	would miss PRs in repositories with large numbers of them.
	Mind you, the functionality this is supporting will go away
	in the next release, though it will come back later as a
	fully automated github pr creation.

* `trickleGitReset`

  I've had to figure out why something happened at one point,
	and the lengths I had to go to to do so inspired me to add
	this. Now I can just reset the local metadata repository
	to whatever commit I want, and use `trickleOpenGraph` to
	see what was going on.

* `trickle{Outdated,Update,UpdateSession}Dependencies`

  After introducing `trickleCheckVersion` in the previous
	release, it became suddenly obvious that the target
	repository is best suited to update its own dependencies,
	instead of having every repository needing to know how
	every other repository does that. Fine in homogenous
	environments, not so fine otherwise.

	The API was tricky, though. In the end, what we have is
	`trickleOutdatedDependencies`, which will list all of
	a repositories dependencies that need updating according
	to the metatada repository. That can then be used to
	implement `trickleUpdateDependencies` per repository,
	and call that when creating a pull request.

	The default implementation is `trickleUpdateSessionDependencies`,
	which is more useful on its own. It updates the
	dependencies on the _session_, so you can run compile
	and test mima compatbility and whatever else you want
	before actually making any changes, or before committing,
	etc. It will _not_ save the session, so, by default,
	`trickleUpdateDependencies` doesn't save the changes
	either. You _can_ save the session, but that mechanism
	is very limited.

* Better logging

	Both info and debug. On the info log side, whenever
	a repository updates itself (that is, pushes a change
	to the metadata repository), it will show the commit hash.
	That makes it easier to find the state of the repository
	from the build log.

	On the debug side, git gained a lot of debug logs, but
	`BuildTopology` gained the most, all in one place:
	the algorithm that figures out what repositories need to
	be updated. If you look at the debug logs for that, you'll
	now see extensive information about what it is looking at,
	what it is doing.

* Less bugs

	Some of them introduced between 0.2.3 and 0.2.4, granted.
	None of the bugs present in the previous release would
	show up under normal circumstances -- that is, a build
	running from a clean state. But if you do trickle things
	without running `clean`, it didn't always do the right
	thing.

